To all you that are joining us now, thank you for being here tonight. Let's pray tonight.
We really are just going to show you a couple of little things and we're going to pray.
I'm late tonight, and so we're going to just jump right in the river and pray tonight.
I'm going to do things a little differently, and we'll see how it goes here.
But I believe it will go great. I want to show you some things that are on my heart.
I want to go into what we've talked about in the past about weather manipulation and weather warfare.
When I saw that they would use the weather with certain governments to manipulate things with catastrophic events—major catastrophic events where it would rain so much in one area and so quickly that the floods would be so bad and people would say, 'This is not natural.'As I have been praying, this is what's happening.
I believe we're about to see an escalation of this, and people say, 'Is it seeding?
Are they seeding the weather? Are they seeding the clouds?'I see it as some kind of device. People say HAARP, Brandon, it's HAARP.
Last time I remember we got so many emails: 'People, this is HAARP, this is this and that.'I don't know.
I saw it with China, and as I see, the United States is able to do it, as we saw all the fires in Hawaii.
We saw the fires in the Malibu area. We saw all the things that were—well, was it an arsonist?
All this stuff and how it spread—and they were ignorant and they didn't have the—not Malibu—all over the course of time in California, there are certain fires.
Well, they didn't let things burn off; they didn't let all this stuff. Yeah, that could be.
I don't want to be a conspiracy theorist; I try to tell you what I see whenever I'm praying.
When they had the blue roofs, and they talked about the blue roofs and how they didn't burn—you know, I don't know about all that.
All I know is I saw that they were using weather and they were using some kind of weapon to cause catastrophic events, and that's what I saw.
So, I see in part, I hear in part, but I don't want to add to or take away from anything by what you see in a conspiracy on the internet when you're death scrolling on your phone and you're looking at all the stuff you see on social media.
So, that's part of it. I try not to do that, you know, but I see what I see.
And as I'm praying and I'm praying against these earthquakes, I see something.
I'm seeing something that is not natural, that is man-made somehow.
And so, like I said, I don't want to get into weirdness, but I'm just trying to give you a little hint of something that I want you to pray about.
I want you to pray about catastrophic events taking place and fearful sights that you will see that will bring you to your knees.
I told you there's something coming that is bigger than what we've ever seen before with the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
And the enemy knows where we are, and he's trying to bring fear; he's trying to stir people up.
I know what he's doing; you can see what he's doing in the media all the time.
But we know who we are, and we know we have authority over the enemy.
He's not able to run us around and have us chasing our tail unless we allow him to do it.
We must stand our ground in these last days as believing believers and take our authority over him.
Jesus made us joint heirs with him whenever he died and rose again on that third day.
He did it all, ladies and gentlemen. But what is amazing about what Jesus did was: as he is, so are we in this world.
He lives on the inside of us. The Holy Ghost lives on the inside of us. We are wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
And when you have that power and authority, the same Holy Spirit that raised Jesus from the dead dwells on the inside of you richly by faith. And we have authority over this stuff.
If Jesus could speak to the weather and tell the waves that were roaring, 'Peace, be still,'and he was asleep on the back of the boat and his disciples were freaking out saying, 'Do you not care that we're about to die?'He said, 'Oh, ye of little faith.
Peace, be still.'Boom! I wish I would have been there that day. Would you? Would that have been amazing?
To speak to the waves, to speak to the storms—the same firepower that Jesus had, he gave it to us.
And he said, 'Speak to the storms. Speak to the waves. Speak to your storm.'And it's not even just the natural storm; your spiritual storms.
Whatever you're going through in your life, you have power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
So, everything I want to tell you tonight is hope. But yet, we're not doing what God's told us to do.
A lot of us—I know there are some of you that are; I don't want to say all of us—but I'm saying there's a lot of people that are just not doing what they're supposed to be doing and praying over their areas.
You have dominion and authority over your area where you are.
Maybe your town—maybe you live in a little town, so God put you in that little town, and you're like, 'I don't know why I'm here.'Well, you're here to pray for your people.
You're here to pray. You be where God's graced you to be. Some people are in a little town, some people in a big city, but God puts you in these areas and he says, 'I want you to pray over your schools.
I want you to pray over the churches.'So, you're stationed there. It's like being in the army.
You're stationed there and you're like, 'I don't want to be stationed here.
I don't want to be in Okinawa. I don't want to be in these places,'right?
I want to be where it's a big city and fun, and I want to—I don't know, maybe Hawaii.
That'd be a good place to be stationed. You could go and suffer for Jesus, suffer for the government then.
But I want you to take your position of authority seriously in these last days.
You must rise up and be bigger inside. Let Jesus be big inside of you. Stop thinking small.
Jesus paid the price so that we have victory in every area of our life.
And so when I go over some of the things that I'm going to show you, you have the opportunity: you can be in fear, or you can talk about what we see on this channel.
People say, 'Brandon, you bring so much fear.'I don't bring fear.
That's your stance and what you're hearing, being aware of the signs of the times.
That's how you received it. I'm not trying to bring it to you in fear.
I'm trying to bring it to you and tell you, 'This is the enemy's plan.'But God has the ability.
We have the ability because of Christ in me—the hope of glory.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's not about fear; it's about a relationship.
And he shows us that which is to come and for us to pray into this to stop the killing, stealing, and destroying.
The Bible says the devil comes to kill, to steal, and to destroy.
I have come that you might have life and life more abundantly to the extreme, until it overflows.
You want to have overflow in your life. So what is God automatically telling you?
That you have the ability to tread on those serpents and scorpions, but you have to do it by faith.
We have to submit ourselves unto God, resist the devil, and he will flee.
But if you don't do it, guess what happens? He is the devourer; he's going to devour everything you have.
He's going to steal, kill, and destroy. And that's what his whole MO, method of operation, is—to make your life miserable.
Well, guess what? We have the ability to take anointing oil, and we apply the blood of Jesus. This is a representation of the blood of Jesus.
When you anoint your children with oil, you anoint your wife with oil, you anoint yourself with oil, your house with oil, and your car with oil, I believe the blood of Jesus covers us, and that's where that dominion authority lies.
It's right there in the blood. We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
When we make much of the blood—what Jesus did—the blood speaks for me.
The blood that was shed on Calvary—I'm telling you, that's what gives us power and authority.
It's at that mercy seat; it speaks to me; it's my attorney. That's why I take communion every day.
I've got boxes of them. It's not religious to me; this is a relationship. I tell you that all the time.
When you get that down inside of you—that this isn't something the Catholics do or we just do as a sacrament; yes, it's holy and honorable, and this is why we do it—but I look at it and say, 'Jesus, I'm here.
I love you. You're my friend, and I have power and authority.'Like I said, when you start visualizing and get a revelation inside of your head, it gets down in your heart.
You catch it, and then I'm going to place it down here. I want to get it so deep down.
I want to be like a bulldog on a bone with this so that I can pray for the sick and they'll recover.
We can cast out devils in His name; we can raise the dead in His name. Either you believe it or you don't.
Well, you might say, 'I prayed for that guy and he died.'Well, you know what?
You keep trying. You keep believing and standing on the Word.
You keep getting that Word down in your heart. The bigger the Word gets inside of you, the bigger the tree.
It may start out as an acorn, but the more you pray and get this beautiful book down inside of you, it will change you from the inside out.
Well, you know, 'I prayed for Grandma and she had cancer and she died.'Well, what was she saying?
She said, 'I'm ready to go home, son.'I said, 'Well, I'm believing you're going to live.
You can't go.'A house divided against itself will not stand.
If she wants to go home and you're believing she's going to stay, guess what?
She'll have what she says. The Bible says you'll have what you say, not what everybody else says.
You know how many people try to curse me or take me down? I don't care what you say; I know what He said. 'Greater is He that is in you than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand, but nothing's going to come nigh you, son.
Just do what I tell you to do, and I've got you. I have more that are with me than against me.
The angels of the Lord are camped around about me.'So it doesn't matter what you say; it's what I say.
Life and death are in the power of your tongue. So what you are saying matters, not what they're saying.
That's what I'm trying to tell you. I don't care what they say; everybody has an opinion.
They can say what they want to say, but what are you saying about yourself? Do you say you want to live?
People say, 'I'm going to curse you to death.'I don't care what they say because life and death are in the power of my tongue, not yours, concerning what you're speaking against me.
I don't care. Every tongue that rises against me, I condemn. You've got to believe it.
I condemn the words that have been spoken against me; they don't bear any fruit in my life.
If they say, 'You'll never be good; you're good for nothing. You'll never make money.
You're never going to do anything with your life,'I don't believe a word of it. It's a lie. You know why?
Because the Bible says in Deuteronomy 28, 'I'm blessed in the city, I'm blessed in the field, I'm blessed coming in, and I'm blessed going out.'A generational curse of poverty is broken off of my life.
They may be poor, but it has nothing to do with me. The seeds I sowed in the past will come to harvest at last.
The sowers and the reaper are going hand in hand. The blessing has overtaken me.
Goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
That's the kind of God I serve. I'm not living in 'barely getting by.'I'm not going to live in sickness, disease, poverty, and lack.
I'm going to keep speaking it until I see the manifestation of it.
I'm going to keep believing what this Word says and quoting it until I see the manifestation of it.
Well, it starts with an acorn; it starts with a seed. A seed will produce a tree if you water it, put it in good soil, and keep cultivating it.
You'll say, 'Wow, the seed's growing! The acorn is growing!
Look at that seed, wow!'Because seedtime and harvest always work.
Seedtime and harvest will always work. If you sow, you will reap.
If you sow a seed into your wife, you'll have a baby. Seedtime and harvest always work.
Speak to the seedtime and harvest. You see, everything is produced to grow, mature, and become much.
It keeps going and going. As long as the earth remains, seedtime and harvest will always exist.
That's what the Bible says; I believe it's in Genesis. The grass withers and the flowers fade, but the Word of the Lord will remain forever.
I want to encourage you today. That's why I tell you not to get down whenever I tell you some of this stuff; it's because we have to come against it.
A watchman sees on the edge of the horizon of time and sees what's coming: the rest of 2026, 2027, 2028, 2029.
Shaking in the church. I'm waking up my church. It's not sad or scary.
People are dying and going home—that's the cycle of life. Shaking in the church, shaking in elders, shaking in things.
This is what I'm going to do. Will you rise up and take the baton?
Will you do what I've called you to do, church? It's the battle cry.
Where are you in the last days? Are you going to be one that is all in or all out? I'm going to be all in.
I'm going to be doing exactly what He told me to do in these end times, and I'm going to follow Him until the day I take my last breath.
On the other side, I'm still going to be doing whatever He asks me to do over there.
I am sold out to God. No matter where I'm at, on this side or the other, I'm sold out.
It's not always going to be easy to do what He tells you to do. So, back to the weather.
I saw a manipulation of the weather. I saw a mega dust bowl trying to set in some areas.
But I call in the weather. I call in rain all the time. We've had record-breaking rain and flooding; it's been amazing.
We call in the rain and I say, 'I'm not moved by what I see.'Sometimes it takes a little bit to pull a low; sometimes it takes a little bit when you're speaking into the weather.
You say, 'Well, I didn't see it the first day.'I call in the rain all the time.
We will not have drought over our area; we will not have drought in the name of Jesus. We speak to the rain.
I call in rain from the north, south, east, and west: 'You come in the name of Jesus, water our ground, our crops, and our trees, and we will not have drought.'In the name of Jesus, thank you, Lord, that You provide us this rain.
That's it, and you give God praise for it. I take the care out of my prayer.
I'm not full of care concerning that. I'm just trusting. Thank you, Lord.
You got this. Bring in the rain. And the rain comes. Well, if it starts getting a little too hot, Father, I thank you, Lord.
You bring some cooler temperatures down from the Canadian air.
Bring us some cool air down here, Lord. It's getting too hot.
We don't want to scorch down here. Thank you, Lord, for some cooler air.
So, that's why I encourage you, but I see weather manipulation with the government.
And that's why I say, well, how does that work? Well, we wrestle not against flesh and blood, right?
We're wrestling against principalities. Principalities work through personalities.
So you're wrestling with governments—China and some of these other governments, our own government's doing some stuff, right?
So we start praying for the people who are doing it because they're yielding themselves over to a devil.
We say, 'No, we're not going to have that. We're not going to have voter fraud.
We're not going to have these things. We're going to pray over it.
We're going to ask God to deal with the corruption in our government.'They say, 'Well, we don't want to vote the SAVE America Act in.'Why not?
Well, because they're corrupt politicians. Anybody who doesn't vote for the SAVE America Act is a corrupt politician. You are a fraud.
Anybody who doesn't want voter ID and have you present your ID—do you know how many times people even ask me to present my ID for something that's stupid?
Voting is important, but you're going to tell me you don't want to have that voted in.
Why? Because you're a corrupt politician. Why do you want to lobby against that?
Because you're doing something fraudulent. You're taking handouts.
You're taking some kind of money laundering or doing something bad there.
It doesn't make any sense to have illegal people coming across the border and able to vote in your election that are not even an American citizen.
That is stupid. But we don't want to vote for that. So why? Because you have corrupt people in positions of authority.
So we pray for those people to get out. Is it impossible? No. All things are possible to him who believes.
So I want to show you what I told you was coming for the 25th Amendment concerning President Trump and after the midterms.
I said, 'If we do not pray for him and for the red wave that we need—even in Oklahoma, we need senators, we need governors.'And I told you, I saw Stacey Abrams.
I saw a funneling, and Braden has been doing research. Over $2 billion was funneled to Stacey Abrams is what people were saying.
Braden was doing some of the research. I said, 'This is a hot spot.'The Lord said, 'Watch Georgia.'The devil went down to Georgia.
The Lord used that. So what did the devil do? It's the church.
I saw Atlanta and I saw districts that were corrupt and they're going to try to take the Senate seats.
They're going to try to take the governor. The Lord said, 'Pray for Minnesota.
Pray for Minnesota. Pray for as we see Mamdani rising up with its communistic evil people.
Four major evil positions coming out of that were socialist.
That's not normal. Who votes for that trash? People who have a reprobate mind, right? But we know where we are in this end time.
People say, 'You shouldn't be in politics.'Yes, if you don't get more involved in politics as a Christian and start praying for a nation, you're going to lose your nation.
Well, I don't know. Whatever will be, will be. That's what I heard in the spirit.
Que Sera, Sera, whatever will be, will be. That's not the way a Christian believes.
That's not a 'whatever will be, will be.'When you have dominion authority, what does that tell you?
You've got to pray. And that's why we're here. But I want you to hear what I told you is coming concerning President Trump.
And I said, 'They're going to come against him really hard. And if you don't get out and vote in November, you'll see a blue wave.'I say he'll be a stalemate president.
That's what I keep getting: a stalemate president, a blue area.
And I want to call it a blue wave—a slight blue wave concerning the Senate.
That's not fair to say a blue wave. It was that they win the Senate.
And I saw them coming against him very strong with the judges and the Senate. I saw the House was cowards and they remained red.
But I want you to see what they're already saying again concerning your president.
This is today. Go ahead. Thank you, Chairman Aguilar. Inflation is up.
Grocery prices are up. Utility costs are up. Housing prices are up.
We have a bipartisan housing bill that both the Congress and Senate passed.
There was supposed to be a big signing ceremony today in the Capitol and then all of a sudden Donald Trump decides he's not coming to sign the bill.
Well, why is that? Did he wake up on the wrong side of the bed? Is he unable to stay awake today?
What's causing him to chicken out again? Is it Taco Wednesday?
Or is it side effects from a drug? We don't know. This erratic behavior of the president is very concerning.
He has trouble staying awake at multiple White House events and Cabinet meetings.
He has clearly some weakness in one of his arms. He's got swelling in his hands and the White House needs to come clean.
What we know is there's a report saying that one person in America got this special new drug.
It was a 79-year-old person who's very high profile. And this drug can only be given to someone under the compassionate use provision.
Meaning you do that if someone basically has a terminal illness.
So we need to know: did Donald Trump get this special drug from Eli Lilly and did he get it under that provision?
And if he did, why is that the case? So what is this new drug? I'm trying to figure out what he's talking about, Braden.
Yeah, I don't know. What's this new drug? So supposedly they're accusing Trump of taking this new medication and it's for sleeping, but it's terminal.
But as I have been praying for Trump, I've seen an attack against his heart and his veins and he keeps going and doing all these things with the medical and saying he's getting checkups and everything else.
He's 80 years old, you know. I don't know many 80-year-olds that are running a nation.
Yeah, they have a point. He's old, but God, I believe, has put him in a position to help us right now.
Thank God we do not have Kamala Harris. I'm just being real with you.
Thank God. And so we're praying against the attacks against his life.
I believe that he'll have long life and he'll be here until it's time for him to go home.
But I believe that we have to sustain him in prayer for taking him across that finish line with the mission that he has. I saw attacks against his life.
And what's interesting was I saw a black mamba or brown snake being used against him somehow with poison to make it look like he has a natural heart attack with some kind of poisoning.
Now, you have to have a cut in your gums or if you ingest it, it has to be aspirated or whatever from what I understand.
But if they got it in a cut—I said a cat scratch on the brim of your hat. I keep seeing a hat whenever he puts his hat on.
A scratch with venom on it, concentrated venom, and I saw him grasping his throat. And his throat was red.
It was as red as a tomato, like he was grasping at his throat and like he was having a cardiac event with like a stroke.
It was something like he was grabbing his throat and I saw him pass out, but it was an infection.
It was inflicted by poison. It wasn't a true stroke or a heart attack, but it looked like natural causes.
So, they weren't medicating him for a stroke, like trying to help him with CPR, whatever they were doing.
It was because of poison. I thought it was interesting because I keep seeing that.
I was praying against it. Then I saw him holding a candle and a birthday cake that had one candle in it.
I thought, "What is this?"because I was praying against him going to Turkey, praying against him going to these places; he needs to stay home and focus on America.
I was praying against that and I got cranky about it, and I shouldn't have.
If he feels led to go to Turkey, then we'll pray for him when he goes to Turkey.
When he presented the pig to Turkey in the days ahead, the ham to Turkey—I saw that and I was like, "That was very interesting."As J.D.
Vance has. I said J.D. Vance will come out. He has been a chameleon, and in the days ahead by midterm, he's going to come out for who he is.
I saw a Harvard mentality, and then people say, "What does that mean?"Ivy League education.
Am I calling him Harvard? No, he didn't go to Harvard; he went to Yale.
But I saw that kind of mentality of the Ivy League education coming out more strongly—of who he truly is in the days ahead, trying to separate himself from Trump for his run for presidency.
People will see the real J.D. Vance in the days ahead. People say, "Are you against J.D.
Vance?"I don't know J.D. Vance. I haven't prayed for J.D. Vance like I have prayed for President Trump; I'm just being real with you.
But what I get about J.D. Vance is not what I like. I like Marco Rubio.
There's something about when I pray for Marco Rubio; I have a pulling to pray for him.
I feel stronger for Marco Rubio in my spirit than I do for J.D. Vance.
I heard he has his tens of thousands and he would have his thousands concerning Cuba and the things in the days ahead.
Praying for Marco Rubio. I believe in my spirit that Marco Rubio should be president, not J.D.
Vance. Now, that's what I get when I pray. You say, "Well, I don't agree with you."Well, that's fine.
We can agree to disagree. You don't always have to agree with me.
Just because you watch me, you say, "Well, I don't agree with you, Brandon."Okay, that's great.
But I'm praying for Byron Donalds in Florida to rise up. I see him rising up as a major voice in the days ahead.
Praying for Byron Donalds to keep strong. I see J.D. Vance as a chameleon.
I saw him as a bobblehead with a small neck, and his head was too big and he was bobbling around. I saw a peacock come upon the Capitol.
I saw this peacock wrap around the Capitol with a tail, and it started to bow its head down as I saw a major storm as he was on the hill.
I could see him at the top looking down at the White House. I saw Marco Rubio at the bottom of the steps.
I know this is a metaphor. It wasn't a time show. The Lord is trying to—he gives like this is coded.
But I thought it was interesting as I saw President Trump in the White House and I saw a demonic spirit pecking at his brain, and we see this stuff happening.
But as we see J.D. Vance in the days ahead, I said you will see in 2028 they will call it the "new Watergate."I saw Nixon and I saw J.D.
Vance and I saw Elon Musk and him doing something together. I saw an impeachment trying to come against J.D.
Vance in the days ahead, trying to come against what he's trying to do. There would be—I would hear a scandal.
I don't want to call it an impeachment because that means he's president, and I didn't see that.
I saw a scandal. That's what I saw: a scandal concerning J.D.
Vance, and they would call this a "new Watergate."It was major, but it involved Elon Musk somehow.
I saw this thing happening and people were like, "What does that mean?"I don't know.
I see him part here, part there; does he make president? I don't know.
I saw they would call this a scandal and I saw Elon Musk becoming a rat to bail out himself.
Now, I saw—I keep calling him a rat. Pray for the rat. I've kept telling you this; it will happen in the days ahead.
Now I want you to see what he said again about him being Nixon.
"I relate with Nixon."This is something. This is something that I'm telling you.
Do you have it? I thought you had it up. So, people are saying, "Are you picking at him?"No.
I'm trying to tell you what I saw back in November of last year is coming to pass right now.
He's talking it. He's saying it. Look, you have it? Yeah, play it.
"So, we were talking about this a little bit backstage, but I'm actually fascinated by Nixon as a character in history.
I think that his historical legacy is enjoying a bit of a renaissance, but I think deservedly so.
As I joked with Robert backstage, if Watergate happened tomorrow, it would be like a 12-hour news story.
Like, the idea that it would have taken down a presidency is crazy.
And by the way, if you look at the story of how the deep state took down Richard Nixon, it's not all that different from what the same groups of people, the same institutions tried to do to Donald Trump in the first Trump administration.
There is a parallel."Is he making justification for what he's doing? I'm just asking.
Also, just at a personal level—and I'm not against him, but this is what the Lord showed me and it will come out in the days ahead.
Young senator, vice president, writes some best-selling books, is hated by the media...
it kind of sounds like J.D. Vance. So, I'm a little... yeah, I've always liked Richard Nixon. But, okay, one other thing about Richard. Do you see?
I said, "This is what you'll see in 2028."I saw this big in the headlines; it was all over the papers.
That's what I saw. In his mind, he's already justifying it. It sounds like, "Is he trying to make a call?
Is he already covering himself?"I thought that's interesting just because of the things that I see.
I see it coming; it's coming in the news in 2028. It was all over the papers.
The Lord said, "Pray for this."I saw Elon Musk was involved and I saw them.
I made this for you back last year so you would see this. My son made that for you to tell you the things that I was praying over.
I saw Marilyn Monroe and I saw a Marilyn Monroe scandal coming.
I saw a Monica Lewinsky scandal coming; that's why she's in the background.
The Lord said, "Pray for this."I saw the US economy going over the hill.
I saw it falling off... you can show them a picture of it. Do you have the whole thing?
Yeah, you can show them. There are a lot of people who are new here, and I said there'll be catfish.
The US economy is in trouble. The golden age is going off the hill.
I saw a pig—the US economy is a pig with lipstick. It's not what everybody says it was.
I saw interest rates exploding. And Jerome Powell—he needs a job.
He's going to get let go. I told everybody he's going to need a job; 2026, Jerome Powell.
And then Nancy Pelosi, bye-bye, Felicia. And then I saw impeach—they're going to keep saying that.
And I saw... this is the older one. We updated it. There are new things that the Lord showed us.
So Braden likes to play with it and have fun. It's sad to me. The new golden age is coming. A new economic shift is coming.
I believe, in my opinion, an economic something is coming with a new digital era, a new digital age, a new economic AI—is what I want to call it—an AI.
I hear the quantum computing; the computers are about to take off. New stuff that we've never seen before.
By 2030, you're going to look back and go, "Oh my God, I can't believe this."I'm telling you, a lot of people are going to be freaked out about what's coming in the next couple of years.
I saw they're going to control the internet. I saw babies being born that were build babies, and I told you about all of it.
Do not show all that. I don't want to deal with all the emails.
Diana is overloaded and there's so many people that are immature that don't understand things.
I'm learning a lot real quick. I just can't have it pushing my wife so hard; she's so tired with all of it.
We're only a group of three, folks. You have to give us grace. We're all working as hard and fast as we can.
One day God will provide us a secretary or something, I believe, but it's just not right now. I said before, even before the...
I said Omar—I said bees will come up from the ground concerning Minnesota, and there'll be fraud and the bees will come up from the ground.
Do you see this? It's happening. And they're trying. She says, 'The $30 million is gone now.
What happened to it? Oh, I'm broke.'That's what she's trying to say now.
I'm like, 'Whatever, lady.'Putin will have his cards in the days ahead and he'll use unconventional weapons of war.
I saw a major earthquake coming. Major earthquakes. I saw Candace Owens sitting at the table, and I saw the king will come out and he'll start to sting things.
I said Tucker Carlson's heart will turn black concerning the church.
He will attack the Christians big time in the days ahead. Tucker Carlson was standing alone.
I saw Alex Jones as a John the Baptist in the days ahead, for his life will be spared from an assassination attempt.
God said, 'I will spare his life.'In the thing that they would try to do in a parking lot, I saw a van trying to open up and take him out as he was going someplace, and the Lord spared his life.
Out of that sparing of a life, I saw that he would become a major voice piece for the Lord Jesus Christ in the days ahead.
Candace will keep going down the rabbit holes with all these crazy conspiracies.
Eventually, I saw a van come up beside her and try to take her life and run her off a cliff.
Now, is that a metaphor? I don't know. Will a real van try to run her off the cliff?
I pray not. That's terrible. But what is a van? Sometimes it's type and shadow. It doesn't have to do with a real van running you off a cliff.
It could be because the Lord said, 'I had much more for her to do.'And I wanted her to be a senator.
I wanted her to be bigger in politics. I saw a new biological weapon.
Do you see the green thing? That's what I saw coming out of Cuba.
There's weapons that they don't know they have concerning Cuba.
This earthquake—I said earthquakes will happen and they will split the land.
I said, 'Watch what happens with the major earthquakes.'And I said they're going to bomb Iran and the fires will burn all around Iran.
See the B-52—our stealth bomber. I said a plague will come in 2028. And that's the scale of the balances with the horsemen.
I said they will use it and they will put poison in the rats and they will inject this and they will spread it all over Europe.
You see the rats and the poison. This is what the Lord warned us was coming.
We saw this in 2025 and 2026. This is what the Lord said will happen in 2025.
This is what we made. This is our Economist cover. We had fun.
And now you see a lot of it in the news. Look what I said about Garlinghouse.
I said they're going to come out with a Clarity Act and the Sooners will be there with the crypto, and things will take place with Garlinghouse and the Clarity Act.
This is Garlinghouse smiling like a Cheshire cat. I said you'll see him as a Cheshire cat in the days ahead.
I saw Pinocchio. I said he took a lot of bribes and money from our government. It will be said in the news and it happened. I saw him take...
they were funneling the money they were getting from the government and giving it back to the Democratic party as a slush fund in accounts.
I saw the money. It was $24 billion. That's why you're going to see Pinocchio there.
He's a liar. See, he's controlled by Macron. I said in the days ahead, you'll see him on the news with Macron.
And we saw it. I said, 'You'll see somebody go down the Alpine slopes.'There's something about the Olympics.
And Lindsey Vonn fell and broke her leg. I said, 'Europe and the Eiffel Tower will be on fire.'It happened.
It was on the news. The tower started burning. They were burning things from the World Cup there, the soccer match.
They won and everybody was acting crazy. I said, 'You're going to see that.
The Eiffel Tower will be on fire.'That's what I saw in a vision. And guess what? It did.
I said, 'They're going to strike Moscow in the days ahead.'Watch the Kremlin.
I said they will bomb around the Kremlin. Well, it didn't happen like that; it happened with drones.
There's still a hot spot concerning this. It's still coming.
Watch the Kremlin. I saw Putin will become irate. You see him with the flag, the EU. I said, 'Watch what Pinocchio does.
His strings are about to be cut.'I saw his life being taken by certain governments.
You see the scissors? They're going to cut his strings in the days ahead.
I saw a proxy government coming into Ukraine, and it will be pro-Russia and pro-Ukraine, and Kyiv will be split down the middle.
I said when you see Pinocchio eliminated, he'll be snorting coke at a party.
This is all the stuff the Lord shows us. Go ahead, move around it.
It's fun for those that haven't seen it. So you see the king right there?
I said he will come out and start stinging things and come out very bold. He did it.
This is what we're about to see concerning Canada and Europe in the days ahead.
He will strike England. Change in England. There's change in France.
There's things happening. I saw him taking his tail and striking it. See Kim Jong-un?
He will come out as a social pariah and I saw him have a rocket on a boat—a barge—coming out of the Mississippi River.
I told you it would come into the bay. It was in Oakland and they unloaded this thing and they took it to Denver and to Missouri.
I keep praying over this. Now we haven't seen that, thank God, because it was a bad thing to happen.
Go back over here to Putin. Do you see Cuba? I said Cuba will be liberated; a major liberation will come for Cuba.
They're going to talk about it in the news. Guess what? They're doing it. I said, but in the days ahead, Cuba will be liberated.
Putin will hold his cards because he knows that Trump's term will be over.
And when he's done, he will come out as more of a tyrant in the days ahead. Watch Putin. I say he's holding his cards.
He said, 'I don't have to do anything really major right now and make a major move while you're here because your term is short-lived.'That's weather modification and weather warfare.
I said you're going to see storms and things happening with the weather. So saying that, look at Venezuela that day.
Today we see major flooding in a city and in a town that is already decimated by a major earthquake.
And they use the earthquake. There's something with this as I'm praying into it.
And I want you to see the weather and the rain flooding the area already devastated by major disasters.
It's about the oil. Maybe it's just normal? This is just normal. Maybe it's just normal, right? Just happens.
7.8 earthquakes, two of them in a row striking the city, and now we have major floods.
And I'm thinking, well, it's just normal, right? Maybe I just don't want to be naive, right?
But I think it's interesting. Eastern Asia had a major 5.3, but it's not that big compared to what they had.
Go ahead. Is there anything else? That's the China earthquake. China.
I said, 'Watch Hong Kong in the days ahead.'I saw a major earthquake about to take place in Hong Kong.
And I said, 'It will look like Venezuela.'And then I saw a major earthquake in America.
And it was in Portland, Oregon, Seattle, and Vancouver, and I saw it shaking San Francisco, but it was so much so that the streets were splitting.
And I saw major buildings falling. I saw 30,000 people pass.
30,000 people will pass in these areas. Ready? Yep. Oh, Okinawa. That was the big one. Praying over Okinawa.
Now, I won't touch that a lot, but I'm going to tell you this is a serious thing concerning Okinawa, praying over a vent in Okinawa.
Go ahead and Kentucky. This is Kentucky today. They got a lot of rain.
They destroyed a church. That's too bad. Terrible. Yeah. Okay.
And then you have Venezuela. And then you had France. Eiffel Tower struck with lightning.
I wonder how often that happens. I don't know. They're saying there's a lot of lightning show.
There's a lot of lightning in Paris. Lightning. Wow. That's very active.
That's incredible. The Lord's upset with Emmanuel Macron.
I'm teasing. It's a joke. Yeah. And then my nose is itching. Okay.
Big hailstones. What is going on? Is that hail? Yes. That's crazy.
At least it's pea-sized. They didn't have to get a new roof. It's like snow.
Yeah, it looks like snow. It's just pea-sized, though. So, it's not like the stuff we get here.
It looks like ice floating down the street, son. Yeah, like ice breakers.
That is crazy. Just another day, huh? And then Germany, they're saying that they are having record heat.
Yeah. Heat wave. Yeah. All the police are outside. Why are they doing that?
They're keeping the people cold. Google says it's really hot.
41 degrees Celsius. That's like... so they're spraying the citizens with water.
Yes. 105 degrees. So they're doing that just because they don't want the people to get overheated.
Yeah. What kind of water is that? I'd be curious, like, what are you spraying on us?
Where did that water come from? I mean, what are y'all doing?
What is that? I don't trust you. I'm running away. What are you spraying me with?
Well, we put some extra chemicals in here for you. What is that?
I don't know. It's like rubber's melting. So, the train tracks are melting.
Yeah. Wow. That's amazing. Okay. It's a little hot. Oh yeah.
5.0 New Zealand, 4.2, 0.6. Yeah. 6.6 in Afghanistan. Now that's pretty big.
There's this whole chart of all that happened: 4.7, 5.29, 4.9.
So there's a lot. Yep. Well, isn't Jesus wonderful, y'all? He's coming. That's what I have to think.
You know, I just know the birthing pains are getting stronger and stronger, and the labor pains as a woman.
Guess what? They don't get better. They get worse until the baby's born.
And Jesus is coming. Our blessed hope, Jesus is coming. You should be so excited.
People go, 'Well, what are we going to see?'Well, Jesus told us in Matthew 24 what was coming.
You're going to see these things. But it's not the end yet. These are as labor pains upon a woman.
All these things have to happen. And this is all part of the big process.
Why? Because it's about to happen. But it's not yet. It's coming.
We're going to see it increase. Wars and rumors of wars, plagues, all this stuff.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. It's happening. It's happening. And it's like, wow. The labor pains are increasing.
And what did the Lord say this last broadcast when we were together?
He said, 'You're about to see a cleaning of my church like before.
From July to December, you're going to see corruption exposed.
You're going to see things involving some elders. And I'm going to say the elders are not corruption.
Are you picking elders? No, this is the cycle of life. But you're seeing new Davids, new Esthers, new generals rise up in these last days.
And you're going to see new people that came out of nowhere. Just like he said, I'm bringing in my closers. I feel an emphasis on I'm bringing in my closers, Brandon.
I'm bringing in my new dream team like it was with the Olympics with Michael Jordan and all that because he knows I love sports.
I love basketball, I love baseball. Sports is a big deal to Brandon.
I'm bringing in my closers. I'm bringing in my dream team, he said.
And he said, 'Just like I did with Jack Coe and Oral Roberts and that generation when it was Smith Wigglesworth and how they all came out of it.'This is the next one.
This is... he said, 'This is my closers. This will be the generation that will not taste death, that will usher in my soon return.'This is a revival.
This is all the major harvesters. He's calling them the harvesters.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few. Who are the laborers?
Who are these harvesters? I believe they're you and I. We are that generation out of 8 billion plus people.
Even if we had 7,400 here tonight. 7,400 of you. If all of you got...
how many souls saved? You know, if you did the math, Braden did it.
I mean, if each one of you got 10,000, that's still not enough. If each one of you got 100,000... I mean, I just have to...
I'm believing God for big, that God is going to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think in these last days.
As we were praying about the darkness, about the summer solstice, I saw Stonehenge, and I saw witchcraft being done concerning Stonehenge, concerning the summer solstice, and I saw Elon, and I saw a darkness of an advancement of tech concerning AI, concerning quantum computing, concerning this black...
it was coming out of the summer solstice. I said, 'Watch CERN.
There's something going on with CERN.'Look, I said, 'Watch.
Watch CERN.'What? Look. See? Do they see it? Yes. Okay. I said, 'Watch CERN.
There's something with it.'They're going to do some upgrades.
What do they want to look for? Dark matter. There's something more.
We're shutting it down. But look at the date they want to resume.
2030. Why 2030? I said I saw a darkness coming out of a demon. The last one, and it was a black... it was AI had digital all around it with these horns.
And I saw extensions coming out of this thing concerning the socialist internet, concerning AI, and I saw clamping down on live streams like this. They won't allow it to happen in Europe.
I saw major things, but these black tentacles came out of this thing and started wrapping around your livestreams and your internet in the days ahead.
And I saw socialistic control coming in 2028 and 2029. By 2030, it was completely implemented.
The Lord said, "Watch this now."This is interesting. Why 2030? We're going to do upgrades.
We're going to find this black matter, and it will all be upgraded.
I don't know, maybe not, but I think it's interesting. All right. Are we done? Do you want to pray? I've talked way too long.
I was just coming on here and said, "We're going to pray more."And I did it again.
We're going to pray more. We're going to do things differently. I guess I did a little bit. What is that?
It's showing the heat wave going into Germany and that area from Africa, I guess.
Interesting. The jetstream went up in a bubble. It looks like the Lululemon symbol, doesn't it?
It kind of looks like the Lululemon symbol. I've never seen a jet stream do that.
What does that represent? All right, let's pray. How long was that?
An hour. It's about normal. Let's pray over our nation. Let's pray over our Fourth of July week.
This is a very important week concerning America. Our 250th anniversary is this week.
We pray for President Trump for wisdom and protection for our celebrations, parties, and family gatherings.
There are a lot of people having family reunions or whatever, but specifically praying for New Orleans this week, praying for Boston, praying for Dallas-Fort Worth, praying for our pastors, praying for...
what was the other city? Oh, Chicago, New York, the Macy's fireworks show, the Mamdani.
Praying for this as we saw again. I saw the five families rise up against him.
I saw the Mafia coming against him, and I thought that was interesting because I don't watch Scarface and all these movies, but I heard the five families; they said, "It's just business,"and they were upset about him.
I saw them coming against him strong and very hard in the days ahead—the Mafia families.
They would come out and be made to look like heroes because they were actually fighting against socialism because he's crazy.
So, we'll see what happens with that. Union workers, things like that.
We'll see what happens. So, we'll pray over it. Let's pray. Ready?
Let's take communion. Father, we thank you, Lord, for your body.
We thank you, Lord, for what you're about to do in this nation.
I believe, Father, that the great awakening is happening right now, and people don't even realize it.
We're about to have a major awakening unto God. As believing believers, we're standing ready with our nets open, ready to bring all this fish in.
Father, the harvest is plentiful, and the laborers are few.
I thank you, Father, that we are prayer warriors and believers.
We're believing believers. We're not doubters; we're overcomers.
As we see this major transition happening all around us, Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are alive and we are rising and shining, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen in us.
Father, we are not slinking back or shrinking back, but we are taking the land like Joshuas.
We're taking the land and saying, "Who is this uncircumcised Philistine who tries to defy the armies of the living God?
Who is he?"We will not allow the enemy to wreak havoc in our lives.
But Father, we take our backbone like a crowbar belief and say, "O Satan, you are under our feet.
You will not tread on me; we tread on you."Father, I thank you, Lord, that we take this body in the name of Jesus, and we believe we receive everything the Lord has for us.
We will not lack any good thing, but we will be in abundance to the full, until it overflows in every area of our life: spiritually, physically, financially, mentally, and emotionally.
We walk in abundance. We walk in healing. We walk in sound minds.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that according to 2 Timothy 1:7, God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power, of love, and of a sound mind.
Every one of us has a sound mind tonight because Jesus dwells on the inside of us, and the word of God dwells on the inside of us.
We take this body, and we just want to say thank you that you didn't leave us defenseless.
You didn't say, "Well, you guys have to fight it out for yourself."No, you gave us everything we would need to be successful in life.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we have the Holy Spirit, and he dwells in us, and we receive him even more.
I yield myself over as we are controlled by the Holy Spirit tonight in our prayer time.
Holy Spirit, have your way. Have your way, Lord. We take this body in the name of Jesus, and we just say thank you, Lord.
Amen and amen. Thank you, Lord, for the blood. We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood in the name of Jesus. We apply the blood and we thank you, Lord.
We make much of it, and the blood makes much of us. Thank you, Lord.
I plead the blood over anything. If you want to show me anything, Lord, we're here for you.
We cover our eyes and our mind in the blood of Jesus, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood of Jesus and we get underneath that. Father, as we yield to the anointing of the watcher, this prophetic, we yield, Father, for that which is to come.
If you want to show us anything, we thank you, Lord, and we pray for our nation.
We cover our stuff in the blood. Father, we make much of you, and you make much of us.
I thank you, Lord. And Jesus, as we decrease, Father, will you always increase?
Father, we plead the blood. Amen and amen. Thank you, Father.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? I am so thankful for all that he has done.
Father, we just give you praise and glory to you tonight. Father, we lift up President Trump, our Senate, and our House.
We lift up the nations around the world, from Canada to South America to the people of Venezuela, who are suffering so greatly right now with this major earthquake and now the floods.
Father, we lift up the people of Venezuela right now in the name of Jesus. God, we call protection over them.
We call healing over their bodies, the ones that have been hurt by the destruction.
We thank you, Lord, that you give them wisdom on how to pull out of this.
Father, I thank you, Father, there's peace over the weather. I call the earthquakes to stop.
Father, let the destruction of the floods now stop; that the rain would stop, that the floods would stop, and that the people would not be in harm's way.
The animals, Father, even the dogs and the cats—all of it, Father.
The people that care about their stuff so much, their children, their animals—I pray a protection around and about them in the name of Jesus.
For you care for every little thing. You care for the sparrow of the air; how much more do you care for our dogs and our cats and our animals?
Thank you, Father. Lord, we call a special protection over the people tonight.
May the rain and the waters, the floods recede, and the rain stop—whatever destruction is going on over that area.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they would have better government running their affairs and that they'll be able to restore back everything the cankerworm has eaten.
If there are victims in the rubble, we ask you to help the rescuers to find them and help these people who are still in harm's way.
Father, I thank you, Lord. Every person—how many lives have been lost?
hundreds? Bring comfort to the ones who are grieving. 1,430 at least confirmed.
Thank you, Father, for those who are grieving and for those who are hurting.
We comfort them right now in the name of Jesus with prayer. We pray over their hearts. We pray they would soon know you.
I thank you, Lord, that they would find you in this dark hour, for you're the only one who can bring true comfort.
You're the only one who can bring true peace, for you are the Prince of Peace. In trying times, Father, we run to you.
May they run to you, and may you bring back everything that was stolen from them—their houses, their finances, or whatever it may be.
Father, we call a peace over them and a restoration of all the things they've lost.
Father, bring peace to their grieving; may they not lack or be poverty-stricken, living on the street.
It's symbolic shakings. There's a shaking coming to Israel.
I see it again; a shaking is coming to Israel. It will be symbolic, concerning the Mount of Olives.
I'm telling you, it's a symbolic shaking, and the Dome of the Rock will be crushed.
It's going to have major damage to the Dome of the Rock. I am in Washington, D.C.
right now. We pray over President Trump's health, his heart, and his body.
May every plan and plot of destruction to kill, steal, and destroy his life in any way be stopped.
We plead the blood over him that no weapon formed against President Trump would prosper, foreign or domestic. We pray a covering over him in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that he would finish his race with a sound mind—over all the things they would feed him, over his garments, and over every planned attack or attempt to try to take his life.
We cover him in the name of Jesus. Father, I thank you for Homeland Security, the Secret Service, the FBI, our intelligence at the NSA, and all our local law enforcement, sheriff's departments, and the highway patrol.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're all alert and attentive during this week and the week after. We cover them in the blood.
We thank you that every plot and every plan to try to kill, steal, and destroy across this land is brought to naught.
Father, I thank you that they're uncovering things; that people planning to do anything would get an itch to talk.
We call their mouths to speak in the name of Jesus and expose the darkness.
I see a silence before the storm. I see rings of seismic activity, but it is not a true earthquake.
This is concerning a terrorist plot. We plead the blood over this nation; you will not touch it.
Every plot and plan across this nation, we bind you in Jesus'name, from California to the East, from the Gulf to Toronto.
We cover this nation in the name of Jesus, into Nebraska and Omaha.
I even see foreign plots to be uncovered across the land. We pray over the Southwest.
There's a callousness of the heart. They're calloused. A retiring report.
Repair, a repair to prepare. Take hold of the rope. Repairs are for the cold that has swept the nation.
This cold from sea to sea—the cold upon the nation is for a repair.
I see the aliens again. This false alien thing is about to take shape.
A great deception to come; it looks demonic. A repair to prepare.
The cold upon the land, ice cold. Listen to me; he wants you to turn.
I see the owl watchers, that demonic watcher thing. I bind you; get out of here.
A shaking to repair. Run to the sea. He's about to get your attention because you're cold.
There's a coldness upon the land. It has been 'me, me, me'. He said it will be his mercy, his goodness, and his mercy.
You think as a shaking comes it's his judgment; this is not his judgment.
You think because of what you're about to see, it will be my judgment?
It is not; it is my mercy. For you've been focused on 'me, me, me'.
A humbling day is coming. For you've been focused on 'me, my, mine'.
A humbling day you will see. It's been 'me, my, mine'. A humbling unto me.
You've been so cold. You see a humbling. It's not judgment; it's my mercy.
It is mercy. It is my mercy. You are right to the core; they are rotten to the core.
It is like a spoiled brat. You see greed: me, mine. A spoiled brat.
Hurry unto me; run to me. Hold fast to the rope; hold fast to me.
In the midst, in my book. For what you are about to see is mercy.
You will call it judgment, but true judgment is separation from me for eternity. It is a shaking to awaken.
For what you are about to see is my mercy, for true judgment is separation from me for eternity.
A day of humbling to bring the bride to my side. It is not a fatal wound, but you will see; it will not be held back.
It is a time of shaking. I see ice cold; you are ice cold, and you pretend you are hot, not even lukewarm.
Turn the thermostats. Prepare for Jesus. Hurry today for Jesus.
There is a shaking in Rome, for a stench to me. A state is shaking in Rome.
It is about the pride. They ask for wealth transfer. A humbling in a day to prepare.
A tidal wave. He said, 'I am done. Turn your eyes on me.'A hard day. Many will come that day.
Oh Lord, for those of you that are awake, I will hide you in the cleft of my rock, and it will pass by.
It will come in all different things and sizes. It passes by for those that are on fire, those who are my heart's desire.
It will pass by. I will hide you in the rock for my remnant, a true remnant.
You know who you are. I have already been speaking to you, preparing you way in advance.
Have your nets ready. They are coming in hot, like a fastball. Get ready.
It will shake my church, and the gates of hell will not prevail against it.
A shaking, an awakening, a day of sternness, a day of humbling. Harvesters, the harvesters.
You know that song: 'Softly and Tenderly, Jesus is Calling.'Softly and tenderly, Jesus is calling, calling for you and for me.
See, on the portals, He is waiting and watching, watching for you and for me. Come home. You who are weary, come home.
Earnestly, tenderly, Jesus is calling, 'Oh sinners, come home.'He is calling you, and there are many of you that have been wayward.
There are many of you that He says are cold. The Bible says that He would rather you be hot or cold, but if you are lukewarm, He will spew you out of His mouth.
But He said there was a coldness upon the land tonight. And there are many of you who feel a tugging at your heart, and you know you are not right with Him.
Over the course of time, you have allowed your flame to go out.
But tonight, Jesus is here with His arms wide open, and He is saying, 'All you lost sinners, come home.'It is never too late until the last breath you take out of your lungs; at that moment, it is too late.
There is a heaven to gain and a hell to shun. Tonight you might be here and say, 'Brandon, I know I am not right with God.
I have become cold.'It has been 'me, mine.'My heart has been wrong.
I have become selfish, full of pride, and I want to repent. I want to repent before a holy God.
I want to make it right for how my attitude has been. I want to repent for being selfish, for being cold, and not being right with God.
I want to come home tonight and turn from my wicked ways. I want to humble myself and cry out to God tonight and ask, 'Forgive me, Father.
Forgive me for being where I have been, for being a brat.'Tonight is my night, Lord.
I want to make a rededication to you, to be all in and to bring in the lost, to be a part of this end-time army.
If that is you and you feel convicted, that stirring inside of you, that the Holy Spirit is tugging at you to get right with an almighty God, I want you to say in the comment section, 'Tonight is my night.
I am coming home. I want to make a change.'Maybe you have never known Him.
I would like to know Jesus; I want to make Jesus my Lord and personal Savior.
I want to sell out to Him tonight. You are not backsliding by no means; you are just not where you should be.
You have let the cares of this life pull you down. And tonight you are saying, 'I want to make sure I am all in for Him. I just want to sell out. I want to respark.
Jesus, will you just touch me with that fire?'If that is you tonight and you are saying, 'Brandon, I want to pray,'I want to pray a special prayer for you.
If you feel that tugging and that fire, hey, I know I am not right.
When you get real with God, He has to get real with you. Stop pretending. Sell out tonight. Be all in. We all go through dry seasons.
I am not talking about being dry necessarily; I am talking about when you are purposely not all in.
I'm purposely mad at the church. I'm purposely not going to church.
I don't want to be part of it anymore. I don't have anything. I don't have any desire.
I'm just here tonight because I just turned it on or whatever. I don't know.
But if you want to say a simple prayer with me and you want to be all in and you want to make sure your fire is lit and we're marching on, Christian soldier.
We're taking back the land for Jesus. Tonight's your night.
Say this simple prayer. Say, 'Jesus, I want to be all in. I want to be sold out to you.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me tonight. Forgive me for being lukewarm.
Forgive me for being cold. I want to be on fire for you. I want my heart to not just be about me, but to be about you.
Create in me a clean heart. And those that don't know him at all, write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God. I repent of my sins. I turn from my wicked ways as of tonight.
I turn my back on what I was doing in the world. I turn my back on the sin I was doing.
I turn my back on the devil and any false gods. I'm not going to serve them anymore.
I serve you because the only way to the Father is through the Lord Jesus Christ.
And tonight, Lord, I dedicate my life to you. I want to be with you in paradise forever, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that I am free from my sins. Thank you, Lord, that I'm all in tonight and I'm sold out to you and I'm on fire for you.
Father, you fan the flame in me. Fan that flame. Fan it. Put gasoline on it, put wood on it and make this thing burn like a raging inferno.
Set my heart ablaze that I can burn for you, Lord. Dip me in the kerosene of thy spirit. Set my heart ablaze that I may burn for you.
Like William Seymour said, I believe, Father, that we are the generation that will not taste death.
That the soon return is at the door and it's imminent. But Father, tonight I put my eyes to you and I thank you, Father, in Jesus'name that I'm all in.
Amen and amen. I believe if you just said that, there's a new start tonight, a firing up inside of you as you recognize, 'I need Jesus.
I can't do this.'And those that just got born again, welcome. We're excited.
You just said the sinner's prayer, and I believe the best is yet to come for you.
If you just said the sinner's prayer and you've never had before or you're backslidden and you want to be all in this thing, if you need a Bible, we will send you a Bible for free.
All you have to do is email us in the description down below. We want to bless you with the Bible.
We want to give it to you, but you've got to read it. Read it every day.
It will change you. If it's collecting dust, it's not changing you.
You've got to get in it. You've got to find scriptures that pertain to what you need.
Read Psalms. Read Proverbs first. It's easy reads and read Ephesians.
It's good reads. I love Ephesians. The book of Ephesians is one of my favorites.
But I'm excited you're here tonight. I believe he's calling you and I believe you answered the call.
So if you did that and you're not plugged into a local church, get plugged in a local church.
Get involved there. Get water-baptized. If you haven't been water-baptized, get water-baptized. Tell the pastor there.
Get to a church that's on fire for him and say, 'Hey, I'd love to be water-baptized.'There's a lot of people doing water baptisms right now because it's warm outside and it's not cold.
In the winter it's hard to do that unless you have an indoor facility, but sometimes you do that a lot in the summer.
But we're excited you're here tonight. All you that are rededicating and all in?
Is there anybody who did it, Son? 'Yes, I'm good.'Oh, he's doing the math.
43 people rededicated tonight. I'm so thankful for all 43 of you that gave your heart to Jesus.
And some of you are just rededicating, but it's exciting that you're here tonight.
We love you and we're excited. Praise the Lord. That was very stern.
I don't really know where to go with it. I feel his presence so strong.
But it was about the altar call. Isn't Jesus wonderful? Come home.
You who are weary, come home softly and tenderly. Jesus is calling, calling for you and for me.
See, on the portals he's waiting and watching, watching for you and for me.
Come on. Oh, Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
Thank you, Father. Is there anything else tonight, Father?
Is there anything else you want? Have your way, Lord. Have your way. You are the potter, we are the clay.
Mold me and make me after thy will, while I am waiting, yielded and still.
Have thy way, Lord. Have thy own way. Thou art the potter, I am the clay.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? Have thy own way, Lord. Have thy own way.
Search me and try me, Savior, today. Wash me just now, Lord. Wash me just now.
As in thy presence, humbly I bow. It's one of my favorite songs, Braden.
Father, I thank you, Lord, as they start out their week this week.
Father, I bless every single one of them. Thank you, Father, for the people that have blessed me tonight.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for every one of them that have been here, that have been a part of this.
I know they blessed you, Lord, but it's so nice that they show up and pray with us. Father, I ask you to give them a wonderful week this week.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you bless them and keep them and your face shines upon them and gives them peace.
Father, that everything they put their hands to would prosper this week. Father, their jobs.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they have greater jobs and promotion and raises and bonuses and, Father, unexpected income.
I thank you, Father, that they're healed and whole and well in every area of their life: spiritually, physically, financially, mentally, emotionally, whatever they're needing.
Father, I thank you, Father, their marriages are restored.
I thank you, Father, that their children are coming home, Father, we call a stirring in them, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that as they seek you, you said in your word they would find you, Father.
We bless their week this week as they start this Monday and they're excited about this work week, Father, because they are more than a conqueror.
They're not upset and saying, 'Oh, no,'but they're saying, 'What can I do for you, Lord?'Father, as we look to you and we know that you have better jobs, you have places if they're miserable at their workplace, Father, that you'll help them find a new job.
Father, a good job that pays better with benefits. And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you increase them in every area of their life.
Some, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're making a way for them to retire, that they don't have to work anymore, that they'll be able to retire and go full-time into doing what you want them to do.
That Father, it'll be a time of transition to find their new part of their life, retirement, and to retire and to work for you.
Not to quit doing anything and just sit around and be a couch potato, but Father, to follow after what you've called them to do full-time.
I thank you, Father, for ministries that are being birthed, callings are coming forth that, Father, this will be a time in their lives that they will see the hand of the Lord moving on behalf of them.
I thank you, Father, that this would be a wonderful week, Father. No matter what happens, Father, we keep our eyes on you.
And we are so excited that the coming of Jesus is at hand and he'll be here sooner than later. Lord, we bless this week. We bless this time of prayer.
And we thank you, Lord, that the heart of the Father is being able to be expressed through this platform.
We're not a dam; we're a river. We flow with what the Spirit of the Lord wants us to do, not by our own agenda but, Father, by you.
You have your own way, Lord. You are the potter, and we are the clay.
I thank you, Father, that we are here each and every single day that you tell us to be, that we are flowing with you.
And we bless their minds. We bless them tonight. Father, we bless them that they are empowered to prosper in every area of their life.
They don't have sickness and disease. Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well.
We claim healing over their bodies, deliverance over them in Jesus'name where they need deliverance from addictions.
Thank you, Lord. Healing and wholeness and wellness over them in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father. It's interesting: some of you are coming out from underneath the bridge.
Some of you are coming out from underneath that bridge. I see a bridge.
And there are some of you that have been underneath this bridge, and you're coming out from underneath that bridge.
Father, I thank you, Lord. Lord, we give you praise and glory for this week.
We worship you in the mighty name of Jesus. Amen and amen. Well, we love y'all.
We pray this prayer time blessed you. We pray it refreshed you, and you're going to have a wonderful week.
It's going to be a wonderful week. Say it; say it out: "I'm going to have a wonderful week this week."Keep your eyes on him.
And we'll be back again tomorrow, and we'll pray again tomorrow.
Tomorrow's Monday, and we'll keep going at it, praying over our week, praying over whatever he wants us to do.
So, we love doing this and we'll keep doing it until he says do something else.
So, God bless you all. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again. Have a wonderful night. Bye-bye.